[Music]
the bell's
been robbed
but in the dark
among the stars
[Music]
the god is dead
[Applause]
i had a dream
almost like a premonition
i think there's an attack coming
this world will fall
[Music]
i need warriors i'm building an alliance
to defend ourselves
how do you know your team's strong
enough
if you can't bring down the charging
bull then don't wave the red cape at it
you're sitting here for a reason
and even if it takes you the rest of
your life
find out what that reason is
[Applause]
they said the age of heroes would never
come again
it will it has to
[Music]
we live in a society where honor
is a distant memory isn't that right
batman
we need cop the world needs him
she's the only one he'll communicate
with
[Music]
it's godzilla
godzilla vs kong in theaters and
streaming exclusively on hbo max march
31st rated pg-13
i'm the owner of a salvage business and
i have a job over
i want you to help me break into the
most secure vault in the world
okay very good do you know who
francis drake was he stole the spanish
treasure and that's
what's in the bag untold wealth
you probably need a safe cracker i'm an
engineer i need your mind
or others to see an impossible task you
might see a solution
the war room meet the team a computer
with
acquisitions planning and extraction
made one of the world's brightest minds
he's going to mastermind the
infiltration the vault
what it is how it works we can't work it
out no one has
and if we get caught we're going down
for a very long time are you sure you're
prepared for that
are you kids got bald
the bank of spain the most impenetrable
building on the planet
across the street is the headquarters of
the spanish army on alert for any
attempts on the bank
when spain plays its world cup games
every camera will be pointing away from
the building
which gives us 105 minutes to get the
job done
simple stage one vault keys
he's a college kid you're putting our
lives in his hands
[Applause]
big problem just stay until the job
you're good
[Music]
hey dad go get your tools i'll meet you
in the truck
i'm looking for directions to shogum
hills you never heard them
what are you expecting to find here even
with a great fire people don't just
disappear
something else happened
what are you doing here we shouldn't be
here
i want them gone
why do you need private security for a
scientific expedition
to keep you safe safe from what
wait hold on once i get hearing
something down there
how was that
what turn it up listen to this
what is that this doesn't feel right
did you hear that what was that thing
how long has this been open
we do security and protection work what
is it you protect
you
he took my son and i've been fighting
him ever since
listen what is that i hear something
oh this isn't good no matter what you do
don't let him grab you
get me out of here go go
i got you
[Music]
red notices have been issued for the
black swans
surprise first class ticket to
everybody paris you attempt to disembark
you'll be shot and killed
the prime minister can wire 500 million
ransom to an account of my designation
who's that he's sas now's the time to
attack
how are you going to do that find out
when we get there
i will destroy this tunnel and everyone
in it
to find sophie get out of there alive
take the shot standby
go
this isn't about money it's revenge
my job is to rescue hostages hit that
train now
where is he the el nino killer
go go go
killing me won't stop time this will
mom if you had eight arms what would you
do with the extra ones
hey i would just show them off and call
myself the spider lady
good answer mom
[Music]
good night i love you mom
david
the doctors couldn't find anything
physically wrong with your son
think you could have been dreaming wake
up honey
why do you think these people were here
who were they
those raised in a cult but it was them
they're coming for us
they awakened something in him
i was dreaming what about
i was drowning in a river of blood
[Applause]
this cult may still be out there
isn't that the boy
there was never any cult she retreated
into a fantasy world
if this is real she needs our protection
and what if it's not
say the words
[Music]
it's all in your head
you have no idea
[Music]
what is kepler teachers louise
we will not think about ourselves
we will not let our emotions guide us
we do this for the many
she was called mother earth
we plundered everything she offered
all reproductive efforts failed for both
men and women
[Music]
they want to prove that we can procreate
here
survivors i saw a child
without transmission none of this even
matters
why are you following me i want to help
you
we waited so long i'm so pleased that
you're here with us now
it's imperative now that we bring our
people
are they coming
[Music]
the human race doesn't need us to
survive
are you still with us blake
none of us should have come back
[Music]
six years of searching please let this
be it
whoa focus eyes forward took took
good boy okay so here's the sich
this is kumandra each land is named
after a part of the dragon
fang heart spine tail
and talon we were once unified
harmoniously as one until
evil forces were awakened
shattering the peace and dividing the
five lands
mariah this isn't the world i want you
to live in
to restore peace i must find the last
[Applause]
dragon
we need you to defeat the evil with the
last of dragon magic
ah i'm gonna be real with you all right
i'm not like the
the best dragon okay
we need to keep going the world's broken
we're world warriors assassins
and pickpockets
you can't trust anyone maybe it's broken
because you don't trust anyone who
really needs your help
my girl ryan and i are gonna fix the
world yes i too
wish to join this fellowship with
[Music]
particularly
hold on oh we were doing a jumpy thing
sorry it may
feel impossible but sometimes you just
have to take the first step
[Music]
i just shave change dragons can do that
look how close my butt is to my head
it's gonna make digestion so much faster
or ordered on disney plus with premier
access
[Music]
close your eyes
i just want you to be happy you deserve
[Music]
i thought we were gonna be more open
with each other
so did i
why can't you just trust me i do trust
you you know i trust you
you don't trust me you don't trust
anyone you just control them
[Music]
you